Add sufficiency of declaration to the information accumulation principle (#7179)
carbon-language/carbon-lang: docs/project/principles/information_accumulation.md

-   When an `impl` needs to be resolved, only those `impl` declarations that
    appear earlier are considered. However, if a later `impl` declaration would
    change the result of any earlier `impl` lookup, the program is invalid.
-   Declarations in an API file are sufficient for use by clients that import

>     the library without having to consult the definition in the impl file.

Reviewer: How should we interpret this for these cases:

```
package Musteval;
musteval fn F() -> i32;
```
and
```
package Generic;
fn F[T:! type]() -> T;
```

I think in both cases we want to say that we require a definition in the same file. Would it make sense to say that here:

```suggestion
-   Declarations in an API file that are insufficient for use by clients that
    import the library require a definition in the API file.
```
